Mithril update 2023-10-18 (#274)
input-output-hk/cardano-updates: blog/2023-10-18-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2023-10-18-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team has started working on the decentralization of the Mithril networks with a proof of concept of the P2P networking between the nodes. The team kept working on the adaptation of the Mithril client as a library, on the deterministic computation of the transaction history of an address from the immutable files, and on the refactoring that will fix the bottleneck of the key registration in the aggregator. Additionally, they published a security advisory for the Mithril relay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team started working on the decentralization of the Mithril networks with a proof of concept of peer-to-peer (P2P) networking between nodes. The team kept working on the adaptation of the Mithril client as a library, on the deterministic computation of the transaction history of an address from the immutable files, and on the refactoring that will fix the bottleneck of the key registration in the aggregator. Additionally, they published a security advisory for the Mithril relay.
```

> Finally, they enhanced the CI/CD to publish multiple packages to [crates.io](https://crates.io/), and they started improving the developer experience with the Mithril devnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, they enhanced the CI/CD to publish multiple packages to [crates.io](https://crates.io/) and started improving the developer experience with the Mithril devnet.
```
